2. Using the ESPA Case Study Program

To use or test the ESPA Farm-Adapt Case Study, first download NetLogo and R. 
We recommend the use of RStudio, although there are a variety of R GUIs, all of 
which should be compatible with the structure of Farm-Adapt. 
1. To download NetLogo, visit https://ccl.northwestern.edu/netlogo/download.shtml
2. To download RStudio, visit https://rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/
	To use RStudio, you first must download R as indicated by the website above.

The best way to familiarize yourself with the model is to launch it in NetLogo. To do
this, open NetLogo and locate the model in the Open dialogue under the File menu. This
process is just the same as opening a Microsoft Office file, for example. 

Once a model is open, NetLogo has three tabs: Interface, Info, and Code. Unless you intend 
to update or modify the model, you will only need to interact with the Interface tab. The
Info tab reproduces many of the important points made in this READ-ME document. 

The model is governed by a variety of user-determined inputs. To simply run the model, 
it is not necessary to change any of the inputs seen on the NetLogo Interface tab. Each of 
these inputs is described in more detail in part 5a of this document. To customize the simulation, 
reference READ-ME part 5a. 

The Interface offers several buttons for your use. To run a simulation based on your Interface Inputs, 
press Go. To generate a new world based on your interface inputs, press Only Setup. A new world will 
be generated that you can then export and use in future experimental simulations. To test new code,  
add that code to the Test function in the main Code tab and press Test on the main screen. Only the code
in the Test function will be run. This is best used for testing new methods of analysis or other one-off 
operations. It is not an efficient way to test large-scale changes to the simulation. Finally, Evaluate Run 
can be used after simulation to print the results of that simulation in the Command Center at the 
bottom of the screen. 